# System Of A Down: Hypnotize - A Review of the Second Half of the Double Album
 
System Of A Down is a metal band that has been known for their eclectic and experimental style, blending elements of rock, folk, rap, and Armenian music. Their fifth studio album, *Hypnotize*, was released on November 22, 2005, as the second half of the double album *Mezmerize/Hypnotize*. The first half, *Mezmerize*, was released six months earlier, on May 17, 2005.
 
*Hypnotize* consists of 12 tracks, with a total running time of 39 minutes and 40 seconds. The album features some of the band's most political and social commentary, addressing topics such as war, genocide, religion, censorship, and environmentalism. The album also showcases the band's diverse musical influences, ranging from heavy metal to jazz to reggae. The album was a critical and commercial success, debuting at number one on the Billboard 200 chart and selling over 320,000 copies in its first week. The album also received a Grammy nomination for Best Hard Rock Performance for the title track.
 
**Download ✸✸✸ [https://t.co/CmMgCUsvjR](https://t.co/CmMgCUsvjR)**


 
The album opens with "Attack", a fast-paced and aggressive song that sets the tone for the rest of the album. The song features vocalist Serj Tankian's trademark operatic vocals and guitarist Daron Malakian's distorted riffs. The song is followed by "Dreaming", a more melodic and progressive track that explores the theme of war and its consequences. The song features a catchy chorus and a bridge that switches to a jazz-like tempo. The third track, "Kill Rock 'n Roll", is a short and upbeat song that was inspired by Malakian accidentally running over a rabbit. The song is a tribute to the rabbit and a critique of the rock industry.
 
The fourth track, "Hypnotize", is the lead single and the most popular song from the album. The song is a catchy and energetic anthem that criticizes the media and its influence on people's minds. The song features a memorable guitar riff and a chorus that alternates between Tankian's and Malakian's vocals. The song also has a hidden message at the end, which can be heard by playing it backwards. The message is "You depend on our protection yet you feed us lies from the tablecloth", which is a reference to George Orwell's novel *Animal Farm*.
 
The fifth track, "Stealing Society", is a funky and experimental song that mixes metal with reggae. The song is about stealing from society and living on the edge. The song features some rap-like vocals from Tankian and Malakian, as well as some saxophone solos. The sixth track, "Tentative", is a more somber and melancholic song that reflects on the state of the world and its uncertain future. The song features some piano chords and a chorus that repeats the phrase "Where do you expect us to go when the bombs fall?"
 
The seventh track, "U-Fig", is another fast and furious song that attacks religious fundamentalism and extremism. The song features some of the heaviest riffs and drums on the album, as well as some harsh vocals from Tankian and Malakian. The title of the song is an abbreviation for "You Figured It Out". The eighth track, "Holy Mountains", is one of the longest and most epic songs on the album. The song is about the Armenian Genocide of 1915, which killed over 1.5 million Armenians by the Ottoman Empire. The song features some acoustic guitar parts, some orchestral arrangements, and some powerful vocals from Tankian.
 
The ninth track, "Vicinity of Obscenity", is one of the most bizarre and humorous songs on the album. The song is a nonsensical collage of random words and phrases, such as "Banana banana banana terracotta banana terracotta terracotta pie". The song is meant to be a parody of mainstream pop music and its meaningless lyrics. The tenth track, "She's Like Heroin", is another funky and experimental song that compares a woman to heroin. The song features some distorted vocals from Malakian and some electronic
 
System Of A Down Hypnotize Full Album Free Download,  SOAD Hypnotize Full Album Stream,  Hypnotize System Of A Down Mp3 Download,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Lyrics,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Full Album YouTube,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Review,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Cover,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Vinyl Record,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Songs,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Deluxe Edition,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Meaning,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Guitar Tabs,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Credits,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Artwork,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Flac Download,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Facts,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Drum Sheet Music,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Sales,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Ranking,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Release Date,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Bass Tabs,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Full Album Spotify,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Tracklist,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Piano Sheet Music,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Full Album SoundCloud[^3^],  System Of A Down Hypnotize Rar Download,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Awards,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Full Album Archive.org[^1^] [^2^],  System Of A Down Hypnotize 320kbps Download,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Analysis,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Full Album Zip File Download,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Live Performance,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Reception,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Full Album Playlist,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Instrumental Download,  System Of A Down Hypnotize CD Copy,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Theme,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Full Album Reaction Video,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Karaoke Version,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Torrent Download,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Album Background,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Full Album Online Listen,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Vocal Sheet Music,  System Of A Down Hypnotize Cassette Tape,  System Of A Down Mesmerize And Hypnotize Full Albums[^1^],  System Of A Down Hypnotize Acoustic Version Download ,  System Of A Down - Lonely Day (Hypnotize) Official Video ,  How To Play System of a down - hypnotise on guitar ,  system of a down hypnotise album download zip
 8cf37b1e13
 
